Add CI to diff with upstream package (#107)
fangohr/octopus-in-spack: README.rst

|spack-develop-octopus-develop| Spack develop version, develop version of Octopus

> |diff-with-upstream| A check to see if this repository is in sync with the upstream spack repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|diff-with-upstream| A check to see if our `octopus/package.py` file is in sync with the upstream spack repository.
```

Reviewer: Adding the link to the actual  file (or files) would be cool (but  not strictly needed).
